PnP Simple thermometer sample (#1579)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c: iothub_client/samples/pnp/readme.md

# Samples to demonstrate Azure IoT Plug and Play

> The samples in this directory demonstrate how to implement a Azure IoT Plug and Play device.  Azure IoT Plug and Play is documented [here](aka.ms/iotpnp).  The samples assume basic familairity with PnP concepts, though not in depth knowledge of the PnP "convention".  The "convention" is a set of rules for serializing and deserialing data that uses  IoTHub primitives for transport.  The samples themselves demonstrate and have a sample helper library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The samples in this directory demonstrate how to implement an Azure IoT Plug and Play device.  Azure IoT Plug and Play is documented [here](aka.ms/iotpnp).  The samples assume basic familiarity with PnP concepts, though not in depth knowledge of the PnP "convention".  The "convention" is a set of rules for serializing and de-serializing data that uses IoTHub primitives for transport.  The samples themselves demonstrate and have a sample helper library.
```

Reviewer: Could you clarify the last sentence above too?

Author: took changes && clarified.

## Directory structure

The directory contains the following samples:

* [pnp_simple_thermostat](./pnp_simple_thermostat) A simple thermostat that implements the model [dtmi:com:example:Thermostat;1](https://github.com/Azure/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/blob/master/DTDL/v2/samples/Thermostat.json).  This sample is considered simple because it only implements one component, the thermostat itself.

There is an additional helper directory, [common](./common), that is used by these samples.  Files in this directory:

> 

Reviewer 2: to remove from dir structure

Author: removing for now, will add this back once the component sample that uses helper goes in.

* `pnp_device_client_helpers.c|.h` implement code that is used to create the `IOTHUB_DEVICE_CLIENT_HANDLE`.  This is almost identical to creating a standard `IOTHUB_DEVICE_CLIENT_HANDLE` for non-PnP devices; the helper code handles the minor additions required for PnP.

## Caveats

> * As with all sample code, care must be taken when building a product based off of it.  Because this code is in a sample directory, it is subject to change over time and does not have the same contract that the [IoTHub SDK](../../inc) has.

Reviewer 3: do we really need to state this?

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: removing.

> * Azure IoT PnP is only support for MQTT and MQTT over WebSockets for the Azure IoT C Device SDK.  Modifying these samples to use AMQP, AMQP over WebSockets, or HTTP protocols **will not work**.  The underlying IoTHub core only supports PnP constructs (specifically `OPTION_MODEL_ID`) over MQTT and MQTT over WebSockets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Azure IoT PnP is only supported for MQTT and MQTT over WebSockets for the Azure IoT C Device SDK.  Modifying these samples to use AMQP, AMQP over WebSockets, or HTTP protocols **will not work**.  The underlying IoTHub core only supports PnP constructs (specifically `OPTION_MODEL_ID`) over MQTT and MQTT over WebSockets.
```

Author: fixed.
